fix: Behavior of CLI when no arguments are passed (#17644)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/command-line-interface.md

npx eslint --no-warn-ignored --max-warnings 0 ignored-file.js
```

#### `--pass-on-no-patterns`

> This option allows ESLint to exit with code 0 when no file or directory patterns are passed. Without this option, ESLint assume you wan to use `.` as the pattern. (When running in legacy eslintrc mode, ESLint will exit with code 1.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows ESLint to exit with code 0 when no file or directory patterns are passed. Without this option, ESLint assumes you want to use `.` as the pattern. (When running in legacy eslintrc mode, ESLint will exit with code 1.)
```

Just noticed two typos.
